New documentation structure and content (#195)
liteflow-labs/liteflow-js: docs/pages/index.mdx

---
title: 'What is Liteflow?'
type: 'page'
---

import { Card } from '../components/Card'
import Image from 'next/image'
import { Bleed, Cards } from 'nextra-theme-docs'
import {
  ArrowsRightLeftIcon,
  BookmarkIcon,
  PlusCircleIcon,
  ChatBubbleLeftRightIcon,
  ChartBarIcon,
  LinkIcon,
  CodeBracketIcon,
  CodeBracketSquareIcon,
  CommandLineIcon,
  CloudIcon,
} from '@heroicons/react/24/outline'

<Bleed>

# Liteflow

> Liteflow is a comprehensive infrastructure designed specifically for applications based on Non-Fungible Tokens (NFTs). It provides a dedicated API and customizable infrastructure to facilitate the creation and trading of NFTs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Liteflow is an extensive infrastructure platform tailored for the development and operation of Non-Fungible Token (NFT)-based applications. It features a dedicated API and a highly customizable infrastructure that supports a wide array of NFT-related activities, including creation, management, and trading.
```

> Liteflow offers a suite of tools designed to help businesses launch their NFT Marketplaces swiftly and efficiently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Designed with agility in mind, Liteflow equips businesses with a comprehensive suite of tools that streamline the launch and maintenance of NFT platforms.
```

## Products

> Liteflow revolves around 4 main products that all aim to solve different business cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Liteflow revolves around 4 pillar products, each meticulously crafted to address distinct business cases within the NFT ecosystem.
```

<Cards num="2">
  <Card
    href="/products/nft-data"
    title="NFT Data"
    icon={<BookmarkIcon />}
    arrow
  >

>     Aggregate, Synchronize, and Access NFT data across multiple blockchains

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Aggregate, synchronize, and access NFT data across multiple blockchains
```

  </Card>
  <Card
    href="/products/exchange"

>     title="Exchange"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    title="NFT Exchange"
```

    icon={<ArrowsRightLeftIcon />}
    arrow
  >

>     Seamlessly create, list, manage offers and trade NFTs on any blockchain and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Seamlessly create, list, and manage offers to trade NFTs across multiple blockchains
```

>     token

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

  </Card>
  <Card
    href="/products/nft-collection"

>     title="Collection & NFT mint"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    title="Collection & NFT Minting"
```

    icon={<PlusCircleIcon />}
    arrow
  >

>     Create and manage NFT collections and mint NFTs on any blockchain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Create, manage NFT collections, and mint NFTs across multiple blockchains
```

  </Card>
  <Card
    href="/products/wallet-to-wallet-messaging"
    title="Wallet-to-Wallet Messaging"
    icon={<ChatBubbleLeftRightIcon />}
    arrow
  >

>     Enable your users to chat with each other directly from their wallets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Enable users to connect & converse with each other directly within their wallets
```

  </Card>
</Cards>

## Tools

> To interact with these products, Liteflow provides a set of tools from UI to monitor all the activity to low level developer tools to ensure everything can be fully customized for your business needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To facilitate seamless interaction with its products, Liteflow offers a diverse toolkit ranging from user-friendly UI dashboard for comprehensive activity monitoring to advanced developer tools for deep customization.
```

<Cards num="3">
  <Card href="/tools/dashboard" title="Dashboard" icon={<ChartBarIcon />} arrow>

>     The dashboard is the main interface for managing your NFT marketplace. It

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Liteflow's Dashboard is the central command center for your NFT platform management. It provides a set of features to create and manage collections, monitor activity, configure your marketplace, and more.
```

Author: The text here and on the following cards for tools and templates are way too long and really overwhelming, the goal is to have a really quick look. For information here is how it looks like when integrating the updates

<img width="1070" alt="Screenshot 2023-11-08 at 17 08 51" src="https://github.com/liteflow-labs/liteflow-js/assets/1783126/372a3d16-5790-4328-9c74-739197ca10f1">

>     allows you to create and manage collections, monitor activity, and configure

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

>     your marketplace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

  </Card>
  <Card href="/tools/graphql-api" title="GraphQL API" icon={<LinkIcon />} arrow>

>     This is the main interface for interacting with the Liteflow infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The GraphQL API is the main interface for interacting with the Liteflow infrastructure. It enables you to retrieve, manipulate, and push data within your NFT platform.
```

>     It allows you to query and manipulate data in your NFT marketplace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

  </Card>
  <Card href="/tools/webhook" title="Webhook" icon={<CommandLineIcon />} arrow>
    Webhooks provide a way for your application to be notified of events

>     happening in your NFT marketplace. This is useful for triggering actions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    occurring within your NFT platform. This enables triggering actions based on specific events.
```

>     based on specific events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

  </Card>
  <Card href="/tools/service" title="Service" icon={<CloudIcon />} arrow>

>     Services are the building blocks of your NFT marketplace. They encapsulate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Services are the building blocks of your NFT platform. They encapsulate
```

    business logic and can be used to tailor your product based on your business
    model.
  </Card>
  <Card
    href="/tools/sdk-core"
    title="SDK Javascript"
    icon={<CodeBracketIcon />}
    arrow
  >

>     This SDK provides a JavaScript interface for interacting with the Liteflow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The Liteflow JavaScript SDK is the toolkit for seamless integration into your JavaScript-based applications, providing an intuitive programming interface to interact with the Liteflow infrastructure.
```

>     infrastructure. It can be used in any JavaScript-based application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

  </Card>
  <Card
    href="/tools/sdk-react"
    title="SDK React"
    icon={<CodeBracketSquareIcon />}
    arrow
  >

>     This SDK is specifically designed for React applications. It provides React

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Tailored for React developers, this SDK integrates Liteflow's capabilities with React's component-based architecture, offering custom components and hooks to embed NFT functionalities into your React applications.
```

>     components and hooks for interacting with the Liteflow infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

  </Card>
</Cards>

## Templates

> To simplify the adoption of Liteflow and ensure a quick go to market, Liteflow is proposing various templates that can be adopted by any Liteflow user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To accelerate the deployment process and facilitate a swift market entry, Liteflow offers a range of pre-designed open-source templates. These templates are ready to be employed by any Liteflow user, providing a streamlined path to integrate Liteflow’s capabilities into your project.```

<Cards num="3">
  <Card href="/templates/marketplace" title="Marketplace" arrow>

>     This is a pre-built application that showcases how to use the Liteflow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The Marketplace template is a comprehensive, ready-to-launch application blueprint showcasing the utilization of Liteflow’s infrastructure. It is designed as a foundational framework from which you can develop and customize your own NFT marketplace, equipped with key functionalities to jumpstart your deployment process.
```

>     infrastructure. It can be used as a starting point for building your own NFT

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

>     marketplace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

  </Card>
  <Card href="/templates/chat" title="Chat" arrow>

>     This chat template is a pre-built application that showcases how to use the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Liteflow’s Chat template is a fully-functional wallet-to-wallet messaging system. It serves as an adaptable base for crafting your bespoke chat application, complete with the necessary features to fast-track development and encourage innovative messaging solutions.
```

>     wallet-to-wallet messaging feature. It can be used as a starting point for

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

>     building your own chat application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
